What's a sitting cisode?
Like that?
Oh, seem like you've Shit to say
When the President Flags Praised to somebody
Roly-Poly
Blast off.
than us an' go иly anduuuu
Let's dance now!
Huh?
Well-
It takes a lot
Of o' stage strength
Inумibe
We are subject to harsh laws
Our great sense of social responsibility
is not at our disposal
However, as with both House of Humans and Quicksandurat
and will account for our loss
In disorderly greens
evil Marvel Um Papa
I will fight at your feet with my bare hands.
Honey, Hot! Hot!
Weren't you swamped by that hot water?
So hot.
You've been summer-s vetting.
The cold wind, cold wave
you know
Smalling
Riiing
people
can I
be
changed
Seed
Tehua
kashin
solar
kdoori
reason
음
esis
flew
I hear a folded man.
Use the
stove!!
Thank you for watching!